This week has been exhausting so far and I've had issues with three out of my five classes in getting set up, so it's really nice to have a class that I already have the equipment for and, for the most part, know what I'm doing in.

For my first site of the class, I decided to take elements from previous pieces I've done and combine them with a lo-fi space theme to create the site that you see; I even used my own piece as the background image of the site, and embedded a lo-fi YouTube video to fit the atmosphere. I did have to refamiliarize myself with some of the code and alter some pieces to work with the mobile-first rules, but I picked it up again pretty quickly.

I struggled with a couple things, mainly the first writing prompt and the animation I wanted to add. The first section of "main theme" just didn't really make sense to me, so I had to ask for clarification. The animation that I wanted to have on my site was a little UFO flying across the middle of the screen in a repetitive loop, but no matter what I did, I couldn't get it to work. Instead, I got this giant UFO that shrunk into on corner of the screen until it completely disappeared; I did a couple hour's worth of fiddling with the code and trouble-shot the best I could, to no avail, and I eventually wore myself out trying to figure it out. Luckily, the shrinking UFO combined with the space background image gives the illusion of the UFO flying into the space, so it... sort of does its job anyway. I decided to roll with it and ended up adding a moon in the corner of the screen that the UFO could fly by and, just for fun, turned the moon into an image link to a random site generator. 
