#The Before
I made it to this week's Web Tech assignment at the very end of the week and thus was drained from personal and other school affairs. Because of this, I struggled with visualizing what I wanted to this week, other than having the vague idea of an old-school text adventure game (like The Oregon Trail) revolving around the children's tale of The Three Little Pigs. I decided to start brainstorming how I wanted my game to look and how I wanted to do my code by watching a few tutorial videos of similar projects and even playing a couple text adventure games during my free time.

#The Making
As previously mentioned, when I first started working on the assignment, even after exploring ideas and while taking breaks between work sessions, I didn't fully understand what I was doing. I just wasn't absorbing the reading material and even rereading it multiple times and attempting other tutorials outside of the class materials, I wasn't understanding what I was doing or making something that was fitting the idea in my head. Then during one of my various click-throughs, I found this week's example code, which I'd apparently skipped over every other time prior. I looked through the class example and copied it to a test document so I could mess around and familiarize myself with the content I was missing and everything finally clicked into place.

After finding the last of the class material that I had missed and seeing a full example of what was expected for this week's assignment, doing the rest was easy and actually really enjoyable. First, I found fonts and a color scheme that fit the old-school Oregon Trail aesthetic I was going for and then up all the styling, including styling the buttons to fit the style as well; another thing I'd wanted to do was include text art of a wolf and pig as the imagery but I couldn't figure out how to properly space out the wolf text art and couldn't find a text emoji like I had been able to for the pig, so I ended up using a regular gray and white wolf emoji. I also set up the HTML before moving on to the actual coding, which was a little difficult for me to keep track of until I got a hang of alternating between the text adventure options. Other than a couple additional hiccups like figuring out how to make the "Leave" buttons close the window (I'd just messed up the line of code a couple of times and had to figure out the correct function) and the "Return" buttons return to the DOM content to its original state (another line of code was screwing it up, so I had to alter it a bit), I finished the assignment pretty easily.

#The End
So far, I think this is one of the coolest coding projects I've done, especially with JavaScript. I'm actually thinking of expanding this project during my free time and maybe even dabbling with making more text adventure games. I'm very proud of how this came out despite the struggles I had with starting the assignment.
