#Summary
This week, I created a basic text game revolving around waking up on a bench and finding a lost and cracked phone. I know we were supposed to work on the same game we did last week but the game I did then had more options than the assignment required and when I realized I was going to have issues with the text box and buttons, I decided to go with an idea that had less options to work with from the get-go. I did however stick with the same old-school style that I did for the last game but changed some elements to add to the more ominous theme of the game I was creating this time. Some of these changes were that I did were change the text color to red, which would be a color that appears in the game itself, so I thought it would tie things together, and I used multiple images that I composited and edited myself to fit the creepy look I was going for.

#Issues
To be completely honest, I have no idea if my code is even going to work properly when I turn it in. Sometimes it works fine and sometimes it won't work at all without me even changing anything in code; it's like it just decides randomly if it'll do what I want or not every time I open it or refresh the page, even after I'm no longer messing around with the code, and I have no idea what's up with that.

While I like my aesthetic choices and story, I'm not a big fan of my code this week. I had a lot of issues, a few of which that I still haven't resolved even after getting help from the class and looking up resources. One of these things is I consistently have issues with the buttons. As previously mentioned, sometimes my code will work but sometimes it randomly won't and it's because the buttons won't work; another issue is I couldn't figure out how to center the text box and buttons and keep them on the same line once the new input came in, so after the first option, the button appears underneath the text box instead of next to it. I also struggled with organizing my code this week and I had a lot of breaks because I put the wrong option number in the wrong place or something along those lines, which was pretty frustrating. While I was able to get the game to restart, for some reason the beginning story text won't appear and I've tried pretty much everything aside from copying and pasting the original starting text. Finally, I couldn't find a place in my code for a loop that made sense within the concept of my game and didn't mess up the rest of my code, so there's not one.

Hopefully my code works when it's opened for grading but there's a good, random chance that it might not. I got overwhelmed with this assignment and want to make sure I have it in on time, so I'm turning it in regardless of its bugs. 
