#JavaScript

JavaScript isn't something I know a whole lot about but I have worked with it in previous years. The introduction of JS included information that I already knew, like what made it unique from the other two languages we've worked with so far, HTML and CSS, and how it's used to make sites more dynamic. However, the console was something I've heard about and used before, it wasn't something I knew a lot about or something that previous professors have on in-depth about.

#The Assignment

The assignment was pretty easy once I realized what I was missing. At first the instructions confused me a bit, probably because I'd done a lot of other heavy duty work for other classes these past couple of days. I completely spaced the actual console when running my code to test it and was super confused for quite a while about why the text in my console.log wasn't showing up; I eventually had to ask for clarification. After I got some and knew what I was missing, it was smooth sailing. The assignment required only a solid color background and console content to practice using said console but I decided to add a GIF icon I'd made for myself of a polar bear banging a table, just to add some imagery.

Another issue I had while doing this assignment was with GitHub Desktop. I don't know if the app updated or something and thus needed to be recalibrated or something but for some reason, whenever I tried to push something to my repo, I would get an error. The first one I got told me that I needed to log out and log back in, so I did, and then GitHub Desktop worked fine for one push. However, when I needed to do another one, a got a different error that said the program didn't know who I was. I logged out and logged back in a second time, which didn't work this time, then closed and opened the program several different times to no avail. Eventually, I closed all my coding stuff out, including GitHub that was open on my browser, and after reopening everything, it seemed to have sorted itself out. I'm still not sure what happened but at least it's working again.
